cloud: update release notes for 1129 (#11454)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/release-notes-2022.md

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2022.

## November 29, 2022

**General changes**

> - Improve the user experience from AWS Marketplace and GCP Marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve the user experience from AWS Marketplace and Google Cloud Marketplace.
```

>     No matter you are new to TiDB Cloud or you already have a TiDB Cloud account, now you can link with your AWS or GCP billing account, which makes it easier to complete AWS or GCP Marketplace subscriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    No matter whether you are new to TiDB Cloud or you already have a TiDB Cloud account, now you can link with your AWS or GCP billing account, which makes it easier to complete AWS or GCP Marketplace subscriptions.
```
